This is a newer version of tankplayer, as of 09 March 2006.
Main changes are:
Added support for TypeTraceBuf2, which was missing from the get_time function
that is used to determine the time of the packet from the trace header.

Changed the program's behavior when Tracebuf2 packets are encountered with
VERSION fields that don't match those compiled into the program.  Previously
the program always quit at the first sign of a tracebuf with a mismatched version
number.  Now depending on the value of the IgnoreTBVersionNumbers config command,
the program attempts to parse and either play or skip the message based on 
the value of the command.  (TRUE = play, FALSE= ignore).

Added a log message when tankplayer comes across a large delay between packets.

Modified the sleep code that executes between packets, so that it sleeps 
in small intervals and continues to issue heartbeats even during a large gap.
Added additional debugging info for dealing with problems encountered in tracebuf files.

David K.


This is a new version of tankplayer, as of 31 March 1999.
The two main changes are:

1. An optional command SendLate has been added. If it is present with a
   number, then packets will be timestamped this many seconds before the
   current time. What happens is that the time of the first trace packet is
   compared with the current time. This difference and the SendLate value are
   used to compute an offset that is applied to all packet timestamps. In this
   way, the relative times of all packets in one tank is maintained. Note that
   this program does NOT change the contents of the tank file. The timestamps
   are changed as they are placed on the WAVE_RING.  If SendLate is absent
   from the param file, the trace packet timestamps are not changed on
   playback.  The intent of this change is to allow testing of carlsubtrig,
   which needs trace data with timestamps near current (system) time.

2. The main loop for playing back trace packets has been changed to speed it
   up. Under some conditions the old tankplayer was taking about 1.5 sec to
   play back 1 sec of data.

Pete Lombard
UW Geophysics
